## LC 768. Max Chunks To Make Sorted II
https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/max-chunks-to-make-sorted-ii/

This question is the same as "Max Chunks to Make Sorted" except the integers of the given array are not necessarily distinct, the input array could be up to length 2000, and the elements could be up to 10**8.

Given an array arr of integers (not necessarily distinct), we split the array into some number of "chunks" (partitions), and individually sort each chunk.  After concatenating them, the result equals the sorted array.

What is the most number of chunks we could have made?

Example 1:

Input: arr = [5,4,3,2,1] Output: 1 Explanation: Splitting into two or more chunks will not return the required result. For example, splitting into [5, 4], [3, 2, 1] will result in [4, 5, 1, 2, 3], which isn't sorted. Example 2:

Input: arr = [2,1,3,4,4] Output: 4 Explanation: We can split into two chunks, such as [2, 1], [3, 4, 4]. However, splitting into [2, 1], [3], [4], [4] is the highest number of chunks possible. Note:

arr will have length in range [1, 2000]. arr[i] will be an integer in range [0, 10**8].

单调递增栈/Monotonic Queue
滑动窗口/Sliding Window
思路 单调递增栈/Monotonic Queue
want: concatenating chunks == to the sorted array equavilantly: seeking a data structure represnets a strict increasing order -> monotonic queue

## 思路
想不出思路。看了题解
借助一个sorted array(copy arr to new array and sort)，和原本的arr做比较。
if Addition sortArr and arr contain the same elements, their sum should equal each other.就可以算作一个partition, 相同在这里的定义是差的和为0。

## 代码
```
//addition sorted array
class Solution {
    public int maxChunksToSorted(int[] arr) {
        int n = arr.length;
        int[] sortArr = Arrays.copyOf(arr, n);
        Arrays.sort(sortArr);
        int sum = 0;
        int ans = 0;
        for(int i = 0; i < n; i++){
            sum += arr[i] - sortArr[i];
            if(sum == 0) ans++;
        }
        return ans;
    }
}
```
## 复杂度
Time: O(nlogn)-  Sort the array.
Space: O(n) - create the sortArr.

